The city is hosting a golf championship,
and we are so excited to reach out
to all of these international visitors.
This was the first time in Charlotte
that we had such a major sporting event.
People would be coming
from some 60 countries.
A total of some 200,000 were expected.
And so when the branch contacted us
and said this was
a special public witnessing initiative,
we knew that we wanted to do our very best
to reach as many of those people as possible.
It was about advertising
jw.org®, Jehovah, and the Kingdom.
And so we were looking
at what would give the greatest visibility
to the cart and our effort.
The branch office was very, very supportive.
They gave us good direction,
they put us in touch with brothers
that had been involved in organizing
a public witnessing initiative
for another large sports event,
and they provided us
with so much insight from their experience.
This was the first time
that some 5 circuits,
75 congregations, and multiple language groups
got a chance to work on one project together.
We ended up with 48 locations
and some 1,400 publishers
trained to man these locations.
We were running shifts from six o’clock
in the morning until eight o’clock at night.
Organization and scheduling was the key,
and they did it beautifully.
With public witnessing,
individuals often come to us
because they see our smiling faces.
We try to maintain a friendly disposition
—a happy one.
We always try to make
eye contact, and if it’s morning,
we greet them with a “Good morning.”
One sister said
that she “smiled” people over to the cart,
and that’s really what a smile can do.
They’re looking for something
to make them happy
—to enjoy life—
and you represent that just by smiling.
When they see a topic
that catches their attention,
internally, they’re asking
themselves these questions.
If they really want to find
the answers, they’ll come over.
You can see as cars pass by
that they’re taking note of our presence,
and it’s a witness in itself.
We’ve had individuals stop their cars
and wave us over to bring the literature to them.
They might just turn briefly,
but they’ll see the cart; they’ll see jw.org®.
We talked to people from all over the world.
A man came by;
he was from the southern part of Ukraine.
He wanted to know, “What is this all about?”
So I explained the Bible educational work.
I explained how, at the website,
he can read literature online in his language.
He was quite impressed.
And then he brought his friend over,
who was visiting from Kazakhstan,
and in Russian explained what the cart
was all about and what we were doing there.
This work has had a really invigorating effect.
One sister said, “Now I no longer think
simply in terms of literature placement;
I think in terms of looks and smiles.”
It’s identified brothers and sisters
who are now excited
about doing public witnessing.
We are getting an opportunity
through public witnessing to reach people
who we hadn’t reached any other way.
We got to talk
to so many people about our website
who otherwise would have never known about it.
It’s really that life-saving message
that they’re getting the opportunity to see,
perhaps for the first time,
when they see these public witnessing carts.
When it was all said and done,
this was an outstanding success.
This public witnessing campaign
had such a positive effect upon the community.
Through this special effort,
we were able to show
true hospitality to these visitors
from all over the world.
After the excitement
and seeing the productivity of this work,
many were commenting,
“Hey, when are we going to do this again?”
The final result was a witness beyond anything
we could have imagined at the very outset.